# The Purpose of a Feasibility Report
A feasibility report focuses on the business apsect of project design, meaning that the purpose of the report is to establish the different variables involved with the business venture and how it will be accepted in the target market demographic for your product. The report also determines factors that will make the business venture a success. The feasibility study will also explore the seperate markets that their target audience may be located in. Alternative target audiences should also be established and have their possible markets explored. Along with this, another factor that needs to be investigated is how acceptable the product is to the possible target audience, for example designing variations of your product and investigating the price that the target consumers are willing to pay.
## The Components of a Feasibility Report
* The Project Scope: The first step is to define the problem/goal of the project. Also you must define the parts of the business that would be affected directly or indirectly, including the project participants and the end-users of the project. A well defined project scope ensures an accurate feasibility report
* Market Analysis: This is where the business environment where the new product will be placed in. In the analysis the strengths, weaknesses, opportunity and threats of releasing the product are reviewed, helping the decision makers of the project focus on the big picture.
* The Requirements: This component represents the technical requirements of the project. Identifying what technical and resource requirements that will be needed in the project is vital, as understating the requirements usually leads to failed projects or unfufilled user requirements.
* The Approach: This is where the courses of action to meet the requirements are considered. Also in this section various alternatives are considered and the most desireable solution is chosen. When considering the the approach you must ask the following questions: Does the approach meet my requirements? Is the approach a practical and viable solution?
* The Evaluation: This is where the cost effectiveness of the selected approach is examined, and the total cost of the project is estimated. Once the total cost has been calculated, an evaluation and cost summary is conducted, to analyse the cost/benefit of the project.
* Review: Finally, after all of the elements above are put into the feasibility report, the review of the feasibility report is conducted. This is where the accuracy of the report is analysed and through the report a decision on whether the project is feasible is conducted. 
